assets/serializers.py:4:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/serializers.py:9:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/serializers.py:14:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/serializers.py:19:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/urls.py:3:20: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
assets/urls.py:11:20: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
assets/views.py:6:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
assets/views.py:8:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/views.py:16:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
assets/views.py:20:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/views.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
assets/views.py:38:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
incidents/serializers.py:2:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
incidents/serializers.py:4:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
incidents/views.py:5:64: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
incidents/views.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
incidents/views.py:19:52: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
itsm_core/settings.py:34:19: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
itsm_core/urls.py:24:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/admin.py:1:1: F401 'django.contrib.admin' imported but unused
procurement/models.py:4:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:5:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:9:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/models.py:14:41: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:15:39: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:30:34: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:44:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/models.py:147:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/serializers.py:3:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:4:48: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:8:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/serializers.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/serializers.py:33:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:35:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/serializers.py:89:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/serializers.py:111:22: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:112:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:113:36: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:114:45: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:115:38: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:116:33: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:117:37: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:118:30: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:119:28: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:120:30: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/serializers.py:121:28: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/tests.py:1:1: F401 'django.test.TestCase' imported but unused
procurement/views.py:8:80: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:13:27: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
procurement/views.py:33:105: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:35:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:40:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:42:111: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:52:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:56:14: E111 indentation is not a multiple of 4
procurement/views.py:56:14: E117 over-indented
procurement/views.py:57:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:59:63: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:88:42: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:106:46: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:110:68: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:115:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:118:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:120:18: E111 indentation is not a multiple of 4
procurement/views.py:120:18: E117 over-indented
procurement/views.py:121:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:126:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:130:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:131:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:139:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:145:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:146:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:147:57: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:154:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:157:79: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:158:78: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:163:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:171:134: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:174:14: E111 indentation is not a multiple of 4
procurement/views.py:174:14: E117 over-indented
procurement/views.py:176:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:184:81: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:188:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:189:61: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
procurement/views.py:192:14: E111 indentation is not a multiple of 4
procurement/views.py:192:14: E117 over-indented
procurement/views.py:196:74: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
security_access/apps.py:9:9: F401 'security_access.models' imported but unused
